like only see me as this
larger-than-life icon but I'm just a
normal guy hi I'm Dave you might know me
as little Dickie but there's a lot more
to me don't you want to know who I am
do you want to meet the guy behind the
guy do you want to know what the
industry is light
what a strange life I have got me
trippin light whoa whoa if you're a
rapper
oh no bowel movements look-alike dippin
dots probably cuz I don't eat fruits and
vegetables approach progress the white
man on the regular I got a record with a
neck pillow on my neck cuz the
ergonomics on my test name right my nose
got stopped every night I'm fidgety I'm
fidgety eye twitch
I'm fidgety I'm being erotic yes I know
that I'm a rapper at the end of the day
but I think it's time you knew me by my
government name hi I'm Dave please I'm a
little diggin oh shut up
you